application/core/domain - class Customer
application/core/domain - class Address
application/core/usacase - class InsertCustomerUseCase
application/ports/out - Interface FindAddressByZipCodeOutputPort
application/ports/out - Interface InsertCustomerOutputPort
adapters/out/client - Interface FindAddressByZipcodeClient
adapters/out/client/response - class AddressResponse
adapters/out - class FindAddressByZipCodeAdapter
adapters/out/client/mapper - Interface AddressResponseMapper
adapters/out/repository/entity - class CustomerEntity
adapters/out/repository/entity - class AddressEntity
adapters/out/repository - Interface CustomerRepository
adapters/out - class InsertCustomerAdapter
adapters/out/repository/mapper - Interface CustomerEntityMapper
adapters/in/controller - class CustomerController
adapters/in/controller/request - class CustomerRequest
application/ports/in - interface InsertCustomerInputPort
adapters/in/controller/mapper - Interface CustomerMapper
application/core/usecase - FindCustomerByIdUseCase
application/ports/out - FindCustomerByIdOutputPort
adapters/out - FindCustomerByIdAdapter